---
layout: post
title: 'AGM April 14th'
author: 'essefbx'
---

The Ada’s Team AGM is scheduled for **April 14th at 12noon in CSC 3-33**. I
suspect it will take about an hour but we have the room from  11:30am til 2pm
if we want to discuss anything in more detail.

At the AGM we will be electing a new executive for the 2014-2015 year, and
passing some constitution amendments.

This includes:

1) Adding two executive positions:

> Vice President of the Grace Hopper Celebration (GHC), and Outreach Director.

2) Altering the duties of our exec:

> 4.2 Duties of Executive Committee Members

>

> a. The President is responsible for setting strategic direction for the
group and is the Chair of

>

> the Executive Committee. The President acts as the main point of contact for
all external

>

> organizations, possesses signing authority on the group bank account, and is
the primary

>

> media contact.

>

> b. The Vice President is responsible for internal communications,
maintaining the website,

>

> facebook/twitter, and/or blog, tracking membership, organizing planning
meetings, taking

>

> meeting minutes, scheduling Ada’s Base office hours and helping to organize
events, activities,

>

> and travel.

>

> c. The Treasurer possesses signing authority on the group bank account,
writes cheques to

>

> reimburse members for authorized purchases, sets a budget that is approved
by members of

>

> the executive committee, and tracks all incoming and outgoing cash flow for
an annual budget

>

> report and audit purposes.

>

> d. The Outreach Director is the liason to the Faculty Director of Outreach.
The outreach

>

> director manages tutoring services, and organizes people to lead or
volunteer for the various

>

> outreach activities (i.e. WISEST CHOICES, WIT CIPS).

>

> e. The Vice President of the Grace Hopper Celebration (GHC) organizes the
annual trip

>

> to the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing. They are responsible
for

>

> announcing scholarships, being the first point of contact for faculty who
want to send

>

> students representatives to the conference, booking housing and
transportation while at the

>

> conference, and coordinating flights to and from the event.

3) Altering the definition of Quorum to account for the new exec

> Quorum for regular meetings, including the AGM and any meeting where voting
occurs is 10% ½ of

>

> all members in good standing. Quorum for executive meetings is ⅔ of the
Executive Committee.

So please come by to vote on the constitution changes and the exec!


